Update about-shared-mailboxes.md (#9474)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/email/about-shared-mailboxes.md

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> [!NOTE]

> > Prior to July 2018 all unlicensed sharedmailboxes were provisioned with 100Gb mailbox size. for more information, see [Correcting Shared Mailbox provisioning and sizing](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/exchange-team-blog/correcting-shared-mailbox-provisioning-and-sizing/ba-p/607991)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Prior to July 2018 all unlicensed shared mailboxes were provisioned with a size of 100 GB. For more information, see [Correcting Shared Mailbox provisioning and sizing](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/exchange-team-blog/correcting-shared-mailbox-provisioning-and-sizing/ba-p/607991).
```
